---
public: yes
layout: post
title: '"June"'
date: 2014-06-30T12:14:00.000+05:30
author:
  - RavS
tags:
  - poem
  - crowdsourced
  - experiment
  - friends
modified_time: 2014-07-20T12:22:48.804+05:30
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5435629330016169213.post-939365327593922670
blogger_orig_url: https://ravs.in/2014/06/june.html
---

In the middle of June, I conceived a project which had a high potential to fail. Usually I write poems and friends read them. So, I tried to turn the tables. I tried to involve as many friends as I could to write a "Group Poem". Some of them responded. Only a few of them could muster up some lines.  
  
I set a few rules at the start. Two (or more) lines from each person. ABAB rhyming scheme. The rhyming words. Also, the time to respond  (24 hours). By the time we reached the end of "June" (!), each one of these rules were destroyed one by one.  
  
I wasn't allowed to moderate the poem, so anything was allowed (except obscenity) as far as the content was concerned. So, it turned out to be anything but what I imagined it would turn out to be. But it was an interesting group experiment overall.  
  
Thanks Namrata, Akshita, Katyayan, Anshul and Srijan for the contribution...  
  
_The wheatish white girl's name was June._   
_And she had one dirty little secret to keep._   
_The copper haired girl's antics were jejune_  
_And some very ordinary things made her flip._  
_Those sparkling eyes, made me think, God is too Prune,_   
_Greenish-Blue hue, those were sea-like deep._  
_Litting up the room, like a sunlight dune,_   
_She smiles her way, up the stairs so steep._  
_Why is she here?, I ask myself,_  
_breaking my thought there is a Warning Beep._  
_It was last year on June 22 when i had proposed her at half past five._   
_Long day it was , longest as they say , as i stood there forever._          
_She  smiled as usual, ruffled my hair and said "oh! Baby I love Clive._  
_Then and there I vowed to myself, ''never fall for her ever''._  
_My charming frog never got the kiss,_  
_Yelped in the night without a pretty miss,_  
_The rejection took away all my bliss,_  
_I fasted to an emotional abyss._  
_Years then passed and i forgot her face,_  
_Mostly because I showered her with mace,_  
_Flew her with a tiger into outer space,_  
_Denied her existence in the human race._  
_Till one fine day as I walked with a teddy bear,_  
_I saw her frying onions on a stand with silly hair,_  
_Screaming to the crowd at the city's market square,_  
_Desperately in need of some fine dental care._  
_I went to her,_   
_and found she had nothing to cheer,_  
_Shouted on me as if i have stolen something from her_  
_June i knew was not in there..._  
_But as I approached her, she shot me with a gun,_   
_She was a spy of another country, an intelligence agent._   
_Her antics, her secrets were out in the open now,_   
_But there was nothing that I could do as blood poured out of my mouth._   
_I loved the copper haired girl with greenish blue eyes,_   
_I had vowed not to fall for her, but she made sure I fall forever tonight._
