---
public: yes
layout: post
title: "Article 370 : 100 Days"
date: 2019-11-14T23:59:00.001+05:30
author:
  - RavS
tags:
  - politics
  - Kashmir
modified_time: 2019-11-15T00:01:42.826+05:30
blogger_id: tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5435629330016169213.post-545181038315677077
blogger_orig_url: https://ravs.in/2019/11/article-370-100-days.html
---

Just like Ayodhya/Ram Mandir issue, this article 370 has also been a point of contention for as long as I can remember. As complex as this Article 370 (and its supplementary article 35A) is to understand, it's really confusing to make up your mind about it. 

Here's a short version to understand. When Pakistan tried to invade Kashmir by force soon after partition, Kashmir's then King Raja Hari Singh asked for help from India to protect his kingdom. India put down the condition to sign the instrument of accession as a precondition to help Hari Singh. This Article 370 was included into the constitution to allow Kashmir to have its own constitution and prime minister while enjoying the protection of India. The article of course was supposed to be temporary measure and a plebiscite was supposed to be done by the Kashmiris (to choose either to go with India or Pakistan) after Pakistan remove their army from the POK area. Pakistan never demilitarized the area, and so plebiscite never happened. In effect, this so called 'temporary' article became permanent. The successive governments diluted the provisions in Article 370 slowly but the Article itself never got removed. That's what the current Indian Govt has done. 

Let me start by first congratulating the Modi Govt for taking a risky step ( just like Demonetization for which also I commend the Govt. ). No other Govt had the political will to do this. This Article either had to be removed permanently or should have been made permanent in nature. Ultimately, No one in India would like 2 different sets of laws governing different parts of the nation. 

Prime Minister Modi and our diplomats have also successfully defended our move. They have more or less stamped our authority that this is India's internal matter and no country is allowed to comment on it. Almost all countries (except a few here and there and of course Pakistan ) have accepted India's position on this matter. But it's also true that Pakistan has been successful in making all countries note the situation in Kashmir (which still remains in lock down by Indian authorities). So, a lot of countries have an eye on how the situation unfolds in the coming days.  

I don't like the way it was done : by giving a false narrative of terrorist attack and increasing security personnel in Kashmir and then putting all the Kashmiri leaders under house arrest. J&K has further been bifurcated into two UTs. This may make it more manageable for Indian Govts to rule but the state and its leaders should also have been informed at least (if not consulted) before taking such a step. But given the situation of Kashmir I don't think there was any other 'proper' way to do it. 

Now, I understand considering the sensitivity of the issue and the vicinity of the area to the LOC, proper security arrangements had to be made. But now it's 100 days since it all started. Some relaxations have been made like providing the landlines and postpaid connections but Internet still remains shut. Life just hasn't been normal in Kashmir since August 5. An average Indian would not just want Kashmir but Kashmiris too. 

I don't know how it can been done but the need of the hour is to take Kashmiris in confidence. To make them realize that we are with them and there is no difference between them and us. Also, no one is going to steal their land or to take away their girls (like some potty-mouth politicians have said). And while talks are all what we can do right now, mere talks are not enough. Fast and concrete action is also needed. If the tourism industry of Kashmir is promoted, new industries and higher education institutes are built and Kashmiris are welcomed all over India, then I am sure they will accept this decision sooner or later. 

It's easier said then done. Pakistan and its sponsored terrorists organization will never let lasting peace remain in Kashmir. They will continue to incite Kashmiris against India in the form of stone pelting and doing mind wash of gullible people to take up militancy. But if we have taken up the decision to finally integrate Kashmir as a permanent and unbreakable part of India, then all these challenges and problems are bound to be part and parcel of this decision. 

I just hope the Modi Govt owns up this issue, even if there are setback on the way, and doesn't go hiding like they did in Demonetization. Just like Ayodhya, this country needs permanent peace in Kashmir too.
