---
public: yes
title: Reboot
date: 2025-01-11
tags:
  - metablogging
layout: post
author: RavS
permalink: /blog/reboot
---

I am a little embarrassed. It's I don't know which attempt to relaunch this blog. 3rd, 4th, 5th? I feel like this blog has become like Rahul Gandhi (due apologies to him for cheap shot). Where I keep launching and relaunching this blog every few years with new enthusiasm, but I fizzle out in a few days time. 

I am trying to reboot myself, yet again. Who knows this time this attempt might be successful. Afterall, I don't have anything else but to keep trying. 

So why yet another attempt? For past many years, not writing consistently has left a void in my personal life. Writing regularly is really important for me to keep myself grounded. I think of myself as a someone who feels more comfortable expressing through written words than verbally. But life takes over again and again and I lose the flow.

And this causes a certain hollowness inside which I can't fully express . It's like some part of the life is incomplete. So, I keep coming back every few days, weeks, months or years trying to write hoping this time it will stick. Just this time.

Nobody likes to lose, especially again and again. I won't make any grand promises this time. But I just hope I post at least one blog per week throughout the year. It would be a pretty grand year if that happens. 

I strongly encourage you to read [New Look New Style]({% post_url 2023-06-01-new-look-new-style %}) to know more about this blog's revamp and motivation behind switching to new personal domain.  This has been 2 years in the making with countless hours and days spent, migrating and polishing it 'just the way I like'. As I said, I don't know where I will take up this blog, but I am proud of the technical, behind the scene, efforts exerted. 

And while you are at it, if you have some time you may also want to [check out]({% post_url 2023-06-21-evening-routine-advice %}) [past]({% post_url 2023-06-26-fraud-protection %}) [few blogs]({% post_url 2023-06-27-when-hard-work-doesnt-payoff %}) which I wrote in last couple of years, but never made them public yet. 

You could have done countless other things, but I am grateful that you chose to spare sometime to read my thoughts.  I don't know if I would ever be able to add anything good to your life through these blogposts. But I sure would like to repay this debt some day. For now God Bless us all.

*"Jai Shiv"* 

**PS**: The 'Reboot' was deliberately scheduled today and not on 1st January as originally planned. Today is my son's birthday! A Very Happy Birthday to him. 
More than him, I hope I am able to make him proud by being a great father. If he becomes stronger, smarter, kinder and more successful than me, then it will be worth all the efforts.  
